docs: mention head composable as alternative to `useHead` (#18552)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/5.seo-meta.md

### Add External CSS

> The example below inserts Google Fonts using the `link` property of the `useHead` composable and `<Link>` component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how you might enable Google Fonts using either the `link` property of the `useHead` composable or using the `<Link>` component:
```
